So powerful motivation
Who is the holy coming to the front seat of Qingyun
It seems that this seat
You have to do it yourself.
Who are you?
How dare you call me Minhui, the master of Qingyun Sword Sect?
Master of Sword Sect
He, Situ Haotian, is not worthy to say anything
Brothers and uncles
This female realm is only at the beginning of the seventh level
Just now, it was just by virtue of that Execution Sword
Cai Xiaosheng four elders
We just need to surround him
Waiting for the ancestor to come and send it down
Not bad, Ancestor, but first to the eighth degree of perfection
The breakup of the top powerhouse can suppress this sword
I'll be there for you
I want you dead
We've clearly won
Why do you still want to provoke Haotian Ancestor?
Isn't it enough to go down to the fifth peak?
Why do you have to make it happen now?
Y'all forgot
Who just stood up and turned the tide?
Defended the dignity of our fifth peak
Who is it again?
Defeated these invincible Four Peaks children
Saved our friendship today
I wrote down the fifth peak.
Go away.
It's up to us to resist
Master is right
It's hard for us to surpass Situ Haotian in this life
But you are different
Run away with our hope
It's no use running away
Situ Haotian single-handedly created everything today
He was the source of the cholera.
Only kill him
Only Qingyun Sword Sect can recast the glory of the past